feat(content): modification asset phones (#137)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/assets/phones.rst

Phones
======

> Phones can be registered manually or uploaded using the Android agent (not currently compatible with Apple terminals).

Reviewer: I don't think any has used "terminals" to describe mobile devices in a while in English.
```suggestion
Phones can be registered manually or uploaded using the Android agent (no agent is currently compatible with iPadOS/iOS devices).
```

Also now that the Jamf plugin is officially maintained by Teclib' we can mention it here. Although Jamf is a different MDM software, we can import inventory data from it for Apple devices.

* :doc:`Brand </tabs/common_fields/brand>`
* :doc:`Number of lines <tabs/common_fields/number_of_lines>`
* :doc:`Update source </tabs/common_fields/update_source>`
* :doc:`Ports </tabs/common_fields/ports>`

Impact Analysis
---------------

:doc:`Impact analysis <../../tabs/impact_analysis>` enables an infrastructure diagram to be drawn up, showing the dependencies and impacts in the event of equipment loss.
This can be saved and exported

Operating systems
-----------------

:doc:`Operating systems <../../tabs/operating_systems>`  includes information about your machine's OS :

* Name
* Version
* Architecture
* Service Pack
* Kernel
* Edition
* Product ID
* Serial number
* Company
* Owner
* Host ID
* Installation date

Components
----------

This tab lists the phone's :doc:`components <../../tabs/components>` :

* BIOS
* Processor
* Memory
* Hard Drive
* Network card
* Drive
* Battery
* Graphics card
* Soundcard
* Controller

Each item has its :doc:`own information <../../tabs/components>` (name, model, brand, memory capacity, number of cores/threads, etc.).

Lines
-----

You can add telephone lines created in `Lines <../management/lines.html>`_

Volumes
-------

> Summarises all the :doc:`volumes <../../tabs/volume>` present (hard disk, DVD) as well as the partitions present on the workstation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summarises all of the :doc:`volumes <../../tabs/volume>` present (hard disk, DVD) as well as the partitions present on the workstation
```

* Name
* Automatic inventory (Yes /No)
* partition
* Mount point
* File system
* Global size
* Free size
* Free percentage
* Encryption (if the disk is encrypted, a padlock will be displayed)

Connections
-----------

It is possible to create a :doc:`connections <../../tabs/connections>` with a telephone using the following element:

* `Computer <computers.html>`_

Network Ports
-------------

This tab allows to manage the :doc:`network ports <../../tabs/network_ports>` attached to an equipment.
The information that can be viewed is:

* Name
* Port number
* MTU
* Speed
* Internal status
* Last change
* Number of I/O bytes
* Number of I/O errors
* Duplex
* VLAN
* Connected to
* Connection
* Deleted

Sockets
-------

:doc:`Sockets <../../tabs/sockets>` are the list of physical sockets present on the hardware. These sockets can be Ethernet, USB, HDMI, etc.
This information cannot be returned by the automatic inventory, so you have to add it manually.

It enables hardware to be linked by cables. Socket is also linked to the :doc:`cables <../modules/assets/cables>` object

Remote management
-----------------

> :doc:`Remote management <../../tabs/remote-management>` is used to reference the remote access software installed on the workstation, such as Teamviewer, Anydesk, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`Remote management <../../tabs/remote-management>` is used to reference the remote access software installed on the phone, such as Teamviewer, Anydesk, etc.
```

It is possible to add software manually if required, but the information can be fed back via the automatic inventory.

Management
----------

> :doc:`Management <../../modules/tabs/management>` of financial and administrative information, this information is visible in the 'Management' tab on the computer's form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`Management <../../modules/tabs/management>` of financial and administrative information, this information is visible in the 'Management' tab on the phone's form.
```

Contracts
---------

GLPI supports :doc:`contracts <../management/contract>` management, in order to manage contract types such as loan, maintenance, support...

Contracts management allows to:

* make an inventory of all contracts related to the organization assets
* integrate contracts in GLPI financial management
* anticipate and follow contract renewal.

Documents
---------

The :doc:`document <../management/documents>` tab lets you link different types of file to a material (PDF, txt, png, etc.)
You can attach a document already uploaded to GLPI or add a new one directly from this tab.

Antiviruses
-----------

> :doc:`Antiviruses <tabs/antivirus>` lists all the antivirus programs detected on the computer.
> For Windows, it must be detected in the Windows Security Center in order to be listed in this tab.

Reviewer: This description doesn't make sense for phones. No need to mention Windows since nobody makes a Windows-based phone anymore.

```suggestion
:doc:`Antiviruses <tabs/antivirus>` lists all the antivirus programs detected on the phone.
```

Knowledge Base
--------------

Lists all the articles in the :doc:`knowledge base <../tabs/knowledgebase>` relating to the material.

Tickets
-------

> View all :doc:`tickets <../tabs/tickets>` linked to the computer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View all :doc:`tickets <../tabs/tickets>` linked to the phone
```

Problems
--------

This tab refers to all hardware-related :doc:`problems <../assistance/problems>`.
Problems can also be linked to tickets, projects, etc. This allows you to have a complete scenario when necessary.

Changes
-------

:doc:`Changes <../assistance/changes>` lists all changes related to a material. From this tab, you can't link a change directly, you can do it from **Assistance** > **Changes** > **Items**.

> You can create a new change from this page, which will be linked to the material you have selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a new change from this page, which will be linked to the phone you have selected.
```

Links
-----

:doc:`Links <../configuration/external_links>` offer several possibilities. Send the GLPI object file to another URL of your choice, or generate an RDP file, for example.

Notes
-----

:doc:`Note </modules/tabs/notes>` lets you add enriched text and attach a document.

Reservations
------------

The :doc:`reservation </modules/tools/reservations>` tab lets you reserve equipment, view the reservation schedule, or cancel the possibility of reserving this equipment.
By default, equipment cannot be reserved; you must first authorize this action manually.

Domains
-------

> You can attach :doc:`Domains </modules/management/domains>` to your computer. Domains are also linked to other objects such as records, problems, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can attach :doc:`Domains </modules/management/domains>` to your phone. Domains are also linked to other objects such as records, problems, etc.
```
